README.md, before:

# NlcAi

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ Your new, shiny [Nx workspace](https://nx.dev) is ready ✨.

[Learn more about this workspace setup and its capabilities](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects) or run `npx nx graph` to visually explore what was created. Now, let's get you up to speed!

## Run tasks

To run the dev server for your app, use:

```sh
npx nx dev admin
```

To create a production bundle:

```sh
npx nx build admin
```

To see all available targets to run for a project, run:

```sh
npx nx show project admin
```

These targets are either [inferred automatically](https://nx.dev/concepts/inferred-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) or defined in the `project.json` or `package.json` files.

[More about running tasks in the docs &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/run-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Add new projects

While you could add new projects to your workspace manually, you might want to leverage [Nx plugins](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) and their [code generation](https://nx.dev/features/generate-code?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) feature.

Use the plugin's generator to create new projects.

To generate a new application, use:

```sh
npx nx g @nx/next:app demo
```

To generate a new library, use:

```sh
npx nx g @nx/react:lib mylib
```

You can use `npx nx list` to get a list of installed plugins. Then, run `npx nx list <plugin-name>` to learn about more specific capabilities of a particular plugin. Alternatively, [install Nx Console](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) to browse plugins and generators in your IDE.

[Learn more about Nx plugins &raquo;](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) | [Browse the plugin registry &raquo;](https://nx.dev/plugin-registry?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Set up CI!

### Step 1

To connect to Nx Cloud, run the following command:

```sh
npx nx connect
```

Connecting to Nx Cloud ensures a [fast and scalable CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/why-nx-cloud?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) pipeline. It includes features such as:

- [Remote caching](https://nx.dev/ci/features/remote-cache?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/ci/features/distribute-task-execution?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Automated e2e test splitting](https://nx.dev/ci/features/split-e2e-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Task flakiness detection and rerunning](https://nx.dev/ci/features/flaky-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

### Step 2

Use the following command to configure a CI workflow for your workspace:

```sh
npx nx g ci-workflow
```

[Learn more about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx#ready-get-started-with-your-provider?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Install Nx Console

Nx Console is an editor extension that enriches your developer experience. It lets you run tasks, generate code, and improves code autocompletion in your IDE. It is available for VSCode and IntelliJ.

[Install Nx Console &raquo;](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Useful links

Learn more:

- [Learn more about this workspace setup](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Learn about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Releasing Packages with Nx release](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [What are Nx plugins?](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

And join the Nx community:
- [Discord](https://go.nx.dev/community)
- [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nrwl)
- [Our Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Our blog](https://nx.dev/blog?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

Commit message:

Created new route with guards for uploading leads data from the landing page

README.md, after:

# NlcAi

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ Your new, shiny [Nx workspace](https://nx.dev) is ready ✨.

[Learn more about this workspace setup and its capabilities](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects) or run `npx nx graph` to visually explore what was created. Now, let's get you up to speed!

## Run tasks

To run the dev server for your app, use:

```sh
npx nx dev admin
```

To create a production bundle:

```sh
npx nx build admin
```

To see all available targets to run for a project, run:

```sh
npx nx show project admin
```

These targets are either [inferred automatically](https://nx.dev/concepts/inferred-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) or defined in the `project.json` or `package.json` files.

[More about running tasks in the docs &raquo;](https://nx.dev/features/run-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Add new projects

While you could add new projects to your workspace manually, you might want to leverage [Nx plugins](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) and their [code generation](https://nx.dev/features/generate-code?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) feature.

Use the plugin's generator to create new projects.

To generate a new application, use:

```sh
npx nx g @nx/next:app demo
```

To generate a new library, use:

```sh
npx nx g @nx/react:lib mylib
```

You can use `npx nx list` to get a list of installed plugins. Then, run `npx nx list <plugin-name>` to learn about more specific capabilities of a particular plugin. Alternatively, [install Nx Console](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) to browse plugins and generators in your IDE.

[Learn more about Nx plugins &raquo;](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) | [Browse the plugin registry &raquo;](https://nx.dev/plugin-registry?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Set up CI!

### Step 1

To connect to Nx Cloud, run the following command:

```sh
npx nx connect
```

Connecting to Nx Cloud ensures a [fast and scalable CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/why-nx-cloud?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects) pipeline. It includes features such as:

- [Remote caching](https://nx.dev/ci/features/remote-cache?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/ci/features/distribute-task-execution?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Automated e2e test splitting](https://nx.dev/ci/features/split-e2e-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Task flakiness detection and rerunning](https://nx.dev/ci/features/flaky-tasks?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

### Step 2

Use the following command to configure a CI workflow for your workspace:

```sh
npx nx g ci-workflow
```

[Learn more about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx#ready-get-started-with-your-provider?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Install Nx Console

Nx Console is an editor extension that enriches your developer experience. It lets you run tasks, generate code, and improves code autocompletion in your IDE. It is available for VSCode and IntelliJ.

[Install Nx Console &raquo;](https://nx.dev/getting-started/editor-setup?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

## Prisma: generating migrations (API)

When you change apps/api/prisma/schema.prisma, generate a migration and update the Prisma Client:

- Install deps (first time):
  - npm i
- Generate Prisma Client (optional but useful to catch schema issues):
  - npm run prisma:generate
- Create a new migration (dev):
  - npm run prisma:migrate:dev -- -n your_migration_name
    - Example: npm run prisma:migrate:dev -- -n add_landing_fields_to_lead
- Apply migrations in prod/CI:
  - npm run prisma:migrate:deploy
- Open Prisma Studio (DB browser):
  - npm run prisma:studio

Notes
- The scripts are already configured to use the schema at apps/api/prisma/schema.prisma.
- Ensure DATABASE_URL is set in apps/api/.env (or your shell) before running the commands.
- migrate dev will prompt to create the migration and apply it to your dev database.

## Useful links

Learn more:

- [Learn more about this workspace setup](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next?utm_source=nx_project&amp;utm_medium=readme&amp;utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Learn about Nx on CI](https://nx.dev/ci/intro/ci-with-nx?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [Releasing Packages with Nx release](https://nx.dev/features/manage-releases?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
- [What are Nx plugins?](https://nx.dev/concepts/nx-plugins?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)

And join the Nx community:
- [Discord](https://go.nx.dev/community)
- [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nrwl)
- [Our Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Our blog](https://nx.dev/blog?utm_source=nx_project&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=nx_projects)
